docs: update docs to reflect production mode by default (#41173)
angular/angular: aio/content/start/start-deployment.md

{@a building}
## Building and hosting your application

>  1. To build your application for production, use the `build` command. By default, this command is configured to `production` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. To build your application for production, use the `build` command. By default, this command uses the `production` build configuration.
```
more active voice
